and there personal beauty but the virus and still
danilo 28
Good night to you, good night to you.
to close it
damn hand
from that hour that blurred in kaká
with eyes in the mirrors
I hope the audio this time is not
isolated right
my adapted is already ordered month
next comes then will have to endure
yes see you right
depending on the
from the angle you place
it crashes the audio
There's a motorcycle behind us.
it looks like a stage is an xt
sometimes it can be that stage has passed
Why are we doing a degree?
it's nothing to xtz xii tv
So when you find a motorcycle
suspect you see the way eye on
rear view mirror and pay attention to where the
Dude, you 're not going to be giving too much.
water she let the guy notice the
brand new as they are to leave the oscar
realize and if possible play on them brother
is escape
the girl went into shock
bobby chiu
the mine came into shock the face of the car
also just just ran over I got a
pet bottle
the guys played in the middle of the street
and there he made all this noise
I was going to turn this street that told to come at night
the correct
the mané paulo
the smart one here with the works and wheels
box here
Elton
opa
It is the xtz 125 reason of the type 4 time that I
I bought a tenth day but it was very
face 6 story tells three addicts and
Way it was cheaper
the arrival of saw
urchin to rt sadness ole d
spartak that the new public radars of
new radar here it comes with nothing but I do not
I do here
the only radar you have is there in front
let's decrease
time to doido to pa
this is it
for the xexéu
I found 7 25
then salvio around here and hopefully
have enjoyed
put the next video on and it's us